Add catalog-tests.md (#222)
levoai/docs: docs/security-testing/catalog-tests.md

---
sidebar_position: 0
---

# Running Tests from Catalog

> Levo's application provides you with the feature to run a variety of tests on your endpoints using our Test Runs feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Levo provides you with the ability to run a variety of tests on your endpoints using the Test Runs feature.
```

> It runs on our Platform and can be configured to run various tests in just a few minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tests run on Levo's Platform, i.e., the requests to the target server are made by Levo. This means that the application must be exposed via a publicly reachable domain or IP address.
```

> Just head over to the `Applications` tab and choose an Application you want to run tests on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to the `Applications` tab and choose an Application you want to run tests against.
```

> Click on `Run Tests` on the top right side and then choose `Run on Cloud`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click on the `Run Tests` button on the top right side of the screen and then choose `Run on Cloud`.
```

> Select Runnable Endpoints from the screen that comes up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select Runnable Endpoints on the next screen.
```

> >Note: You can configure a non-runnable endpoint by entering a sample value for mandatory query parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Note: You can configure non-runnable endpoints by manually entering sample values for mandatory parameters.
```
